Add Guides sand SigV4 support guide (#4997)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _benchmark/guides/sigv4-support.md

---
layout: default
title: SigV4 Support

> nav_order:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nav_order: 70
```

parent: Guides
---

> # Run with sigv4 support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Running OpenSearch Benchmark with AWS Sigv4 
```

> Note: Sigv4 refers to AWS Signature Version 4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenSearch Benchmark supports AWS Signature Version 4 (Sigv4) authentication. To run with Sigv4, use the following steps:

1. Provision a serverless collection with proper access policies and security policies. Serverless usually requires that users specify an IAM User or Role ARN in the access policy.

2. Set up environment variables where you are running OSB
```
OSB_AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=<<IAM USER AWS ACCESS KEY ID>
OSB_AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=<IAM USER AWS SECRET ACCESS KEY>
OSB_REGION=<YOUR REGION>

> OSB_SERVICE=aoss

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OSB_SERVICE=aos
```

```

3. Invoke OSB like the command below. Ensure that you are specifying:

> - `--distribution-version` = This is needed because OSB parses the distribution version (usually provided or fetched from curling the cluster’s settings) and uses that to determine which OSB Workload branch to use. This can be 2.3.0 should be sufficient for now as it will use the workload branches that correlate to OpenSearch version 2.X

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--distribution-version`: OpenSearch Benchmark parses the distribution version, typically fetched from the clister setting, and uses that version to determine which OpenSearch Benchmark workload version branch to use. For example, If OpenSearch Benchmark receives `2.3.0` when fetching the cluster settings, the correlated workload branch will be `2.X`.
```

> - `--client-options=amazon_aws_log_in:environment` = tells OSB that you’ve exported the credentials in the environment in the previous step

Author: Will replace these `=` signs with colons

> - `--client-options=amazon_aws_log_in:environment` = tells OSB that you’ve exported the credentials in the environment in the previous step

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--client-options=amazon_aws_log_in:environment`: Tells OpenSearch Benchmark when you've exported your environment's credentials.
```

> - `--exclude-tasks=check-cluster-health,refresh-after-index,force-merge,refresh-after-force-merge,wait-until-merges-finish` = this skips operations in the test that call APIs exclusive to OpenSearch and not found in serverless

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--exclude-tasks=check-cluster-health,refresh-after-index,force-merge,refresh-after-force-merge,wait-until-merges-finish` = Skips operations in the test that call APIs exclusive to OpenSearch but not found in serverless.
```

> Example command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example

The following example `execute-test` command run a benchmark test with sigv4 enabled:
```
